If you hit me, Dragon City won't let you go.
What to see in Dragon City
How dare you hit me?
You are in danger here, you go back first
Do you understand the consequences of lying?
I'll ask you again.
The second in command of the backpack club is Lu Xiao
Or Qin Ning?
school
a
briefing briefing
on-site verification
It's over. It's over.
Brother walk slowly
What's going on here?
Cockroach, you're holding our leader like this
Don't you give face?
you
What status do you have to dare to talk to our head like this?
cockroach
You also know that you are behind the Black Panther Club
It's not your turn to teach me a lesson
You look more like a leader
It's not so late for cockroaches to visit
Devil's I want to check someone
Who do you know about that person, Gao Ruonan?